[New] Add tiled layer as basemap (#527)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: Shared/Samples/Add tiled layer as basemap/README.md

# Add tiled layer as basemap

Load an offline copy of a tiled map service as a basemap.

![Screenshot of Add tiled layer as basemap sample](add-tiled-layer-as-basemap.png)

## Use case

Constructing a tiled layer from a local tile package (.tpk & .tpkx) allows you to use that basemap tiled service when the application is offline. Dividing a raster into tiles allows the map to provide relevant tiles and level of detail to the user when panning and zooming. For example, when working in an environment that has no connectivity, this could provide access to a map for navigating your surroundings.

## How to use the sample

Launch the app to view the "San Francisco offline tile package" as the basemap.

## How it works

1. Create a `TileCache`, specifying the path to the local tile package.
2. Create an `ArcGISTiledLayer` with the tile cache.
3. Create a `Basemap` with the tiled layer.

> 4. Create an `ArcGISMap` with the basemap and pass it to a MapView.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a `Map` with the basemap and pass it to a MapView.
```
